Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're going to look at accessing attributes.
But for us it's something that I want to do which I neglected to do in our last lecture that is add
a comment to the code we added.
So creating an instance of our book class.
There we go.
Make sure we know what we're doing at each step through this course to access the attributes of an instance.
You use dot notation.
So what does that look like.
Well it looks like this.
My book dush name or copy my book price price or publisher or any other attribute that we have.
Now if we round up now nothing happens.
So how do we put that into something that actually works and gives us information back.
Well let's just remove that for the moment.
So we say print and let's just say what are we doing we are reading so I'm I'm currently reading
plus my book.
Those are quotes first plus my book the name of the title.
OK.
And our brackets for a title plus full stop.
Now let's see what that gives us.
There we go.
I'm currently reading Elon Musk.
This syntax demonstrates how Python finds an attribute value pite and looks at the instance my book
and then find the attribute name associated with my book.
This is the same attribute referred to as self-taught name in the class book.
So up here we have self-taught name self-doubt price self-doubt publisher so you can really see the
power of classes starting to come out of neuron.
We created one instance of a book and now we've used that instance here.
My book name this could be my book Doc price lets out in another sentence.
Print this book cost and let's leave a quote there.
Plus my book price and because price is an integer we need to just first make this a string.
So as or brackets plus full stop.
There we go and close our brackets.
Let's run this again.
This book cost oh coast so where ever got that go wouldn't be it Tony program without a spelling error.
This book costs fourteen point ninety nine and we can even put in a dollar sign here dollars.
This book cost fourteen ninety nine dollars.
There we go.
So you can really see the power of the attribute coming out here when we're accessing them.
Now in the next election we're going to look at how the a method and how we can give our class even
more power and our programs even more power.
So thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.